c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Practicum6\ShopClient\bin\Debug\ShopClient.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Practicum6\ShopClient\bin\Debug\ShopClient.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Practicum6\ShopClient\bin\Debug\ShopClient.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Practicum6\ShopClient\obj\Debug\ShopClient.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Practicum6\ShopClient\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Practicum6\ShopClient\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Practicum6\ShopClient\obj\Debug\ShopClient_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Practicum6\ShopClient\obj\Debug\ShopClient_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Practicum6\ShopClient\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Practicum6\ShopClient\obj\Debug\ShopClient.g.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Practicum6\ShopClient\obj\Debug\ShopClient.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Practicum6\ShopClient\obj\Debug\ShopClient.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Practicum6\ShopClient\obj\Debug\ShopClient.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Practicum6\ShopClient\obj\Debug\ShopClient.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Practicum6\ShopClient\bin\Debug\ShopLibrary.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Practicum6\ShopClient\bin\Debug\ShopLibrary.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Practicum6\ShopClient\obj\Debug\RegisterPage.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Practicum6\ShopClient\obj\Debug\RegisterPage.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Practicum6\ShopClient\obj\Debug\LoginPage.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Practicum6\ShopClient\obj\Debug\LoginPage.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Practicum6\ShopClient\obj\Debug\ProductPage.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Practicum6\ShopClient\obj\Debug\ProductPage.baml
